# IES_98452
##lab1


## REVIEW QUESTIONS

### a)

The Default lifecycle consists in different build phases (23 in total). The main phases are:
                
- validate -> See if the project is correct and the availability of the necessary information
- compile -> compile the source code of the project
- test -> test with an unit testing framework the compiled source code 
- package -> package the compiled code in its distributable format, such as a JAR.
- verify -> run checks to ensure that quality criteria is met
- install -> install the package into the local repository, for use as a dependency in other projects locally
- deploy -> done in the build environment, copies the final package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and projects.

### b)
        
Maven is a build tool used to facilitate the management of your software project and to handle build activities and its resulting artifacts.
Even though it is ot his primary purpose, Maven can be used to run your project by using different plugins to execute your Class.

### c)

        git clone <repository name>
        git branch <branch name>
        [modifications]
        git add <changed files>
        git commit -m <insightful message>
        git push <remote> <branch name>

### d)

Writing good commit messages is important to maintain a good project and coordenate between different developers.

There are seven rules to write a good commit message:

1. Separate subject from body with a blank line
2. Limit the subject line to 50 characters
3. Capitalize the subject line
4. Do not end the subject line with a period
5. Use the imperative mood in the subject line
6. Wrap the body at 72 characters
7. Use the body to explain what and why vs. how

source: https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/

### e)

Docker volumes are file systems mounted on Docker containers to preserve data generated by the running container.

The volumes are stored on the host, independent of the container life cycle. This makes data safe if a container is deleted and allows users to back up data and share file systems between containers easily 



         
       
